Remove mentions of C from the docs and document the use of @ in grammar files (#10)
we-like-parsers/pegen: docs/grammar.md

    | first_alt1 first_alt2 { first_alt1 }
    | second_alt1 second_alt2 { second_alt1 }
```

> If the action is omitted, a list with all the parsed expressions gets returned.

Reviewer: This should probably be changed after #14, right?

Author: Indeed

Author: Addressed.

Reviewer: Thanks.

rule_name[return_type]: '(' a=some_other_rule ')' { a }
```

### Customizing the generated parser

> By default, the generated parser inherits from the Parser class defined in pgen
> Parser, and is named GeneratedParser. One can customize the generated module by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the generated parser inherits from the Parser class defined in pegen/parser.py,
and is named GeneratedParser. One can customize the generated module by
```

modifying the header and trailer of the module generated by pegen. To do so one

> can add to the grammar dedicated sections discussed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can add dedicated sections to the grammar, which are discussed below:
```

@class NAME

This allows to specify the name of the generated parser.

@header

>   Specify the header of the module as a string (one can typically use triple

Reviewer: The indentation here is not consistent with the other `meta`s. Let's have it consistent everywhere.

Author: I went with 2 space which makes for a nicer reading of the source IMO but does not cause the markdown to interprete it as code.
